child_process: disallow args in execFile/spawn when shell option is true (#57199)
nodejs/node: doc/api/deprecations.md

`process.features.tls_alpn`, `process.features.tls_ocsp`, and `process.features.tls_sni` are
deprecated, as their values are guaranteed to be identical to that of `process.features.tls`.

> ### DEP0190: Passing args to child\_process `execFile`/`spawn` with shell option true

Reviewer: Could you open a separate PR to land a doc-only deprecation first, which can be backported to existing release lines please?
```suggestion
### DEP0190: Passing args to `child_process` `execFile`/`spawn` with `shell` option `true`
```

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57199
    description: Runtime deprecation.
-->

Type: Runtime

> When args are passed to `child_process.execFile` or `child_process.spawn` with the option
> `{ shell: true }`, the args are not escaped, only concatenated, which can lead to security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `args` array is passed to [`child_process.execFile`][] or [`child_process.spawn`][] with the option
`{ shell: true }`, the values are not escaped, only space-separated, which can lead to shell injection.
```
